README.rst
CalendarServer.egg-info/PKG-INFO
CalendarServer.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
CalendarServer.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
CalendarServer.egg-info/entry_points.txt
CalendarServer.egg-info/requires.txt
CalendarServer.egg-info/top_level.txt
bin/caldavd
calendarserver/__init__.py
calendarserver/accesslog.py
calendarserver/controlsocket.py
calendarserver/dashboard_service.py
calendarserver/logAnalysis.py
calendarserver/profiling.py
calendarserver/version.py
calendarserver/provision/__init__.py
calendarserver/provision/root.py
calendarserver/provision/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/provision/test/test_root.py
calendarserver/push/__init__.py
calendarserver/push/amppush.py
calendarserver/push/applepush.py
calendarserver/push/ipush.py
calendarserver/push/notifier.py
calendarserver/push/util.py
calendarserver/push/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/push/test/test_amppush.py
calendarserver/push/test/test_applepush.py
calendarserver/push/test/test_notifier.py
calendarserver/tap/__init__.py
calendarserver/tap/caldav.py
calendarserver/tap/profiling.py
calendarserver/tap/util.py
calendarserver/tap/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/tap/test/longlines.py
calendarserver/tap/test/test_caldav.py
calendarserver/tap/test/test_util.py
calendarserver/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/test/test_accesslog.py
calendarserver/test/test_logAnalysis.py
calendarserver/tools/__init__.py
calendarserver/tools/agent.py
calendarserver/tools/ampnotifications.py
calendarserver/tools/anonymize.py
calendarserver/tools/calverify.py
calendarserver/tools/calverify_diff.py
calendarserver/tools/changeip_calendar.py
calendarserver/tools/checkdatabaseschema.py
calendarserver/tools/cmdline.py
calendarserver/tools/config.py
calendarserver/tools/dashboard.py
calendarserver/tools/dashcollect.py
calendarserver/tools/dashtime.py
calendarserver/tools/dashview.py
calendarserver/tools/dbinspect.py
calendarserver/tools/delegatesmigration.py
calendarserver/tools/diagnose.py
calendarserver/tools/dkimtool.py
calendarserver/tools/export.py
calendarserver/tools/gateway.py
calendarserver/tools/icalsplit.py
calendarserver/tools/importer.py
calendarserver/tools/managetimezones.py
calendarserver/tools/manhole_utils.py
calendarserver/tools/migrate.py
calendarserver/tools/migrate_verify.py
calendarserver/tools/notifications.py
calendarserver/tools/obliterate.py
calendarserver/tools/pod_migration.py
calendarserver/tools/principals.py
calendarserver/tools/purge.py
calendarserver/tools/push.py
calendarserver/tools/resources.py
calendarserver/tools/tables.py
calendarserver/tools/trash.py
calendarserver/tools/upgrade.py
calendarserver/tools/util.py
calendarserver/tools/validcalendardata.py
calendarserver/tools/wiki.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/__init__.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/cmd.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/directory.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/terminal.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/vfs.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/test/test_cmd.py
calendarserver/tools/shell/test/test_vfs.py
calendarserver/tools/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_agent.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_calverify.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_changeip.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_config.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_diagnose.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_export.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_gateway.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_importer.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_principals.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_purge.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_purge_old_events.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_resources.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_trash.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_util.py
calendarserver/tools/test/test_wiki.py
calendarserver/webadmin/__init__.py
calendarserver/webadmin/config.py
calendarserver/webadmin/config.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/delegation.html
calendarserver/webadmin/delegation.py
calendarserver/webadmin/eventsource.py
calendarserver/webadmin/landing.py
calendarserver/webadmin/landing.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/logs.py
calendarserver/webadmin/logs.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/principals.py
calendarserver/webadmin/principals.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/principals_edit.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/resource.py
calendarserver/webadmin/work.py
calendarserver/webadmin/work.xhtml
calendarserver/webadmin/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/webadmin/test/test_eventsource.py
calendarserver/webcal/__init__.py
calendarserver/webcal/resource.py
calendarserver/webcal/test/__init__.py
calendarserver/webcal/test/test_resource.py
conf/caldavd.plist
contrib/__init__.py
contrib/od/__init__.py
contrib/od/dsattributes.py
contrib/od/odframework.py
contrib/od/setup_directory.py
contrib/od/test/__init__.py
contrib/od/test/test_live.py
contrib/performance/__init__.py
contrib/performance/_event_change.py
contrib/performance/_event_create.py
contrib/performance/benchlib.py
contrib/performance/benchmark.py
contrib/performance/compare.py
contrib/performance/display-calendar-events.py
contrib/performance/eventkitframework.py
contrib/performance/graph.py
contrib/performance/httpauth.py
contrib/performance/httpclient.py
contrib/performance/massupload.py
contrib/performance/report.py
contrib/performance/report_principals.py
contrib/performance/setbackend.py
contrib/performance/sqlwatch.py
contrib/performance/stackedbar.py
contrib/performance/stats.py
contrib/performance/stats_analysis.py
contrib/performance/test_benchmark.py
contrib/performance/test_event_change_date.py
contrib/performance/test_httpauth.py
contrib/performance/test_stats.py
contrib/performance/upload.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/__init__.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/bounded_recurrence.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/bounded_recurrence_autoaccept.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_add_attendee.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_autoaccept.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_change_date.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_change_summary.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_delete.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_delete_attendee.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/event_move.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/find_calendars.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/find_events.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/unbounded_recurrence.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/unbounded_recurrence_autoaccept.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/vfreebusy.py
contrib/performance/benchmarks/vfreebusy_vary_attendees.py
contrib/performance/jobqueue/__init__.py
contrib/performance/jobqueue/loadtest.py
contrib/performance/jobqueue/workrate.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/__init__.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/amphub.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/ampsim.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/ical.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/logger.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/population.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/profiles.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/setup_directory.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/sim.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/subscribe.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_amphub.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_ical.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_population.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_profiles.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_sim.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_trafficlogger.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/test_webadmin.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/trafficlogger.py
contrib/performance/loadtest/webadmin.py
contrib/performance/simanalysis/__init__.py
contrib/performance/simanalysis/sim_regress.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/__init__.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/sqlusage.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/__init__.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/httpTests.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/invite.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/multiget.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/propfind.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/propfind_invite.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/put.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/query.py
contrib/performance/sqlusage/requests/sync.py
contrib/tools/__init__.py
contrib/tools/anonymous_log.py
contrib/tools/buildbot_analyze.py
contrib/tools/dtraceanalyze.py
contrib/tools/fakecalendardata.py
contrib/tools/harpoon.py
contrib/tools/lldb_utils.py
contrib/tools/monitoranalysis.py
contrib/tools/monitorsplit.py
contrib/tools/netstatus.py
contrib/tools/pg_stats_analysis.py
contrib/tools/protocolanalysis.py
contrib/tools/readStats.py
contrib/tools/request_monitor.py
contrib/tools/sortrecurrences.py
contrib/tools/sqldata_from_path.py
contrib/tools/statsanalysis.py
contrib/tools/tables.py
contrib/tools/test_protocolanalysis.py
simplugin/__init__.py
simplugin/caldavclient.py
simplugin/caldavprofile.py
twisted/plugins/caldav.py
twistedcaldav/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/accounting.py
twistedcaldav/authkerb.py
twistedcaldav/backup.py
twistedcaldav/bind.py
twistedcaldav/cache.py
twistedcaldav/caldavxml.py
twistedcaldav/carddavxml.py
twistedcaldav/config.py
twistedcaldav/controlapi.py
twistedcaldav/customxml.py
twistedcaldav/database.py
twistedcaldav/dateops.py
twistedcaldav/directory-listing.html
twistedcaldav/directorybackedaddressbook.py
twistedcaldav/dropbox.py
twistedcaldav/dumpconfig.py
twistedcaldav/extensions.py
twistedcaldav/freebusyurl.py
twistedcaldav/ical.py
twistedcaldav/icaldav.py
twistedcaldav/instance.py
twistedcaldav/linkresource.py
twistedcaldav/localization.py
twistedcaldav/memcacheclient.py
twistedcaldav/memcachelock.py
twistedcaldav/memcachepool.py
twistedcaldav/memcacheprops.py
twistedcaldav/memcacher.py
twistedcaldav/mkcolxml.py
twistedcaldav/notifications.py
twistedcaldav/resource.py
twistedcaldav/serverinfo.py
twistedcaldav/serverinfoxml.py
twistedcaldav/sharing.py
twistedcaldav/simpleresource.py
twistedcaldav/sql.py
twistedcaldav/stdconfig.py
twistedcaldav/storebridge.py
twistedcaldav/timezones.py
twistedcaldav/timezoneservice.py
twistedcaldav/timezonestdservice.py
twistedcaldav/timezonexml.py
twistedcaldav/tzextras.txt
twistedcaldav/upgrade.py
twistedcaldav/util.py
twistedcaldav/vcard.py
twistedcaldav/xmlutil.py
twistedcaldav/client/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/client/geturl.py
twistedcaldav/client/pool.py
twistedcaldav/client/reverseproxy.py
twistedcaldav/client/test/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/client/test/test_reverseproxy.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/addressdata.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/calendardata.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/filter.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/hiddeninstance.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/peruserdata.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/privateevents.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/test/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/test/test_calendardata.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/test/test_hiddeninstances.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/test/test_peruserdata.py
twistedcaldav/datafilters/test/test_privateevents.py
twistedcaldav/directory/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/directory/addressbook.py
twistedcaldav/directory/augment.py
twistedcaldav/directory/calendar-user-proxy-principal-resource.html
twistedcaldav/directory/calendar.py
twistedcaldav/directory/calendaruserproxy.py
twistedcaldav/directory/calendaruserproxyloader.py
twistedcaldav/directory/common.py
twistedcaldav/directory/digest.py
twistedcaldav/directory/directory-principal-resource.html
twistedcaldav/directory/principal.py
twistedcaldav/directory/resource.py
twistedcaldav/directory/resourceinfo.py
twistedcaldav/directory/util.py
twistedcaldav/directory/xmlaugmentsparser.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_augment.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_calendar.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_digest.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_principal.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_proxyprincipaldb.py
twistedcaldav/directory/test/test_util.py
twistedcaldav/images/mail/ical.jpg
twistedcaldav/method/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/method/acl.py
twistedcaldav/method/get.py
twistedcaldav/method/mkcalendar.py
twistedcaldav/method/mkcol.py
twistedcaldav/method/post.py
twistedcaldav/method/propfind.py
twistedcaldav/method/report.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_addressbook_multiget.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_addressbook_query.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_calendar_multiget.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_calendar_query.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_common.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_freebusy.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_multiget_common.py
twistedcaldav/method/report_sync_collection.py
twistedcaldav/scheduling_store/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/scheduling_store/caldav/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/scheduling_store/caldav/resource.py
twistedcaldav/scheduling_store/caldav/test/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/scheduling_store/caldav/test/test_resource.py
twistedcaldav/test/__init__.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_accounting.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_addressbookmultiget.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_addressbookquery.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_cache.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_caldavxml.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_calendarquery.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_collectioncontents.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_config.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_customxml.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_database.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_dateops.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_dumpconfig.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_extensions.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_freebusyquery.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_icalendar.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_kerberos.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_link.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_localization.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_memcachelock.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_memcachepool.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_memcacheprops.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_memcacher.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_mkcalendar.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_multiget.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_options.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_props.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_resource.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_sharing.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_sql.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_stdconfig.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_timezones.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_timezonestdservice.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_upgrade.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_util.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_wrapping.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_xml.py
twistedcaldav/test/test_xmlutil.py
twistedcaldav/test/util.py
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/AUS Central Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/AUS Eastern Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Afghanistan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Alaskan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Aleutian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Altai Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Arab Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Arabian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Arabic Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Argentina Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Astrakhan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Aus Central W. Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Azerbaijan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Azores Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Bahia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Bangladesh Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Belarus Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Bougainville Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/CET.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/CST6CDT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada Central Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Cape Verde Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Caucasus Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Cen. Australia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central America Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Asia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Brazilian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Europe Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central European Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Pacific Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Standard Time (Mexico).ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Central Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Chatham Islands Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/China Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Cuba Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Cuba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Dateline Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/E. Africa Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/E. Australia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/E. Europe Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/E. South America Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/EET.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/EST.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/EST5EDT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Easter Island Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Eastern Standard Time (Mexico).ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Eastern Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Egypt Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Egypt.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Eire.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Ekaterinburg Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/FLE Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Fiji Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GB-Eire.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GB.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0000.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0100.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0200.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0300.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0400.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0500.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0600.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0700.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0800.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+0900.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+1000.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+1100.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT+1200.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0000.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0100.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0200.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0300.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0400.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0500.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0600.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0700.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0800.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-0900.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-1000.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-1100.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-1200.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-1300.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT-1400.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GMT0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/GTB Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Georgian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Greenland Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Greenwich Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Greenwich.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/HST.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Haiti Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Hawaiian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Hongkong.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Iceland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/India Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Iran Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Iran.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Israel Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Israel.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Jamaica.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Japan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Jordan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Kaliningrad Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Korea Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Kwajalein.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Libya Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Libya.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Line Islands Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Lord Howe Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/MET.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/MST.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/MST7MDT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Magadan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Marquesas Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mauritius Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Middle East Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Montevideo Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Morocco Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mountain Standard Time (Mexico).ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mountain Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Myanmar Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/N. Central Asia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/NZ-CHAT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/NZ.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Namibia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Navajo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Nepal Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/New Zealand Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Newfoundland Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Norfolk Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/North Asia East Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/North Asia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/North Korea Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/PRC.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/PST8PDT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific SA Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific Standard Time (Mexico).ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pakistan Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Paraguay Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Poland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Portugal.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/ROC.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/ROK.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Romance Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Russia Time Zone 10.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Russia Time Zone 11.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Russia Time Zone 3.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Russian Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/SA Eastern Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/SA Pacific Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/SA Western Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/SE Asia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Saint Pierre Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Sakhalin Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Samoa Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Singapore Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Singapore.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/South Africa Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Sri Lanka Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Syria Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Taipei Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Tasmania Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Tocantins Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Tokyo Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Tomsk Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Tonga Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Transbaikal Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Turkey Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Turkey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Turks And Caicos Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UCT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US Eastern Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US Mountain Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC+12.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC-02.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC-08.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC-09.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC-11.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/UTC.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Ulaanbaatar Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Universal.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Venezuela Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Vladivostok Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/W-SU.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/W. Australia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/W. Central Africa Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/W. Europe Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/W. Mongolia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/WET.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/West Asia Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/West Bank Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/West Pacific Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Yakutsk Standard Time.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Zulu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/links.txt
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/timezones.xml
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/version.txt
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Abidjan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Accra.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Addis_Ababa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Algiers.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Asmara.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Asmera.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Bamako.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Bangui.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Banjul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Bissau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Blantyre.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Brazzaville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Bujumbura.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Cairo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Casablanca.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Ceuta.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Conakry.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Dakar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Dar_es_Salaam.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Djibouti.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Douala.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/El_Aaiun.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Freetown.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Gaborone.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Harare.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Johannesburg.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Juba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Kampala.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Khartoum.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Kigali.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Kinshasa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Lagos.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Libreville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Lome.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Luanda.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Lubumbashi.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Lusaka.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Malabo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Maputo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Maseru.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Mbabane.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Mogadishu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Monrovia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Nairobi.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Ndjamena.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Niamey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Nouakchott.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Ouagadougou.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Porto-Novo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Sao_Tome.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Timbuktu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Tripoli.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Tunis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Africa/Windhoek.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Adak.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Anchorage.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Anguilla.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Antigua.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Araguaina.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Aruba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Asuncion.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Atikokan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Atka.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Bahia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Bahia_Banderas.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Barbados.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Belem.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Belize.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Blanc-Sablon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Boa_Vista.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Bogota.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Boise.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Buenos_Aires.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cambridge_Bay.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Campo_Grande.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cancun.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Caracas.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Catamarca.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cayenne.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cayman.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Chicago.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Chihuahua.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Coral_Harbour.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cordoba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Costa_Rica.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Creston.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Cuiaba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Curacao.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Danmarkshavn.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Dawson.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Dawson_Creek.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Denver.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Detroit.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Dominica.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Edmonton.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Eirunepe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/El_Salvador.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Ensenada.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Fort_Nelson.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Fort_Wayne.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Fortaleza.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Glace_Bay.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Godthab.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Goose_Bay.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Grand_Turk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Grenada.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Guadeloupe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Guatemala.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Guayaquil.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Guyana.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Halifax.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Havana.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Hermosillo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indianapolis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Inuvik.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Iqaluit.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Jamaica.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Jujuy.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Juneau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Knox_IN.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Kralendijk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/La_Paz.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Lima.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Los_Angeles.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Louisville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Lower_Princes.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Maceio.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Managua.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Manaus.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Marigot.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Martinique.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Matamoros.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Mazatlan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Mendoza.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Menominee.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Merida.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Metlakatla.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Mexico_City.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Miquelon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Moncton.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Monterrey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Montevideo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Montreal.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Montserrat.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Nassau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/New_York.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Nipigon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Nome.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Noronha.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Ojinaga.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Panama.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Pangnirtung.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Paramaribo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Phoenix.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Port-au-Prince.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Port_of_Spain.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Porto_Acre.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Porto_Velho.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Puerto_Rico.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Rainy_River.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Rankin_Inlet.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Recife.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Regina.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Resolute.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Rio_Branco.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Rosario.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Santa_Isabel.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Santarem.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Santiago.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Santo_Domingo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Sao_Paulo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Scoresbysund.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Shiprock.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Sitka.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Barthelemy.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Johns.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Kitts.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Lucia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Thomas.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/St_Vincent.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Swift_Current.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Tegucigalpa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Thule.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Thunder_Bay.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Tijuana.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Toronto.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Tortola.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Vancouver.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Virgin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Whitehorse.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Winnipeg.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Yakutat.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Yellowknife.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Catamarca.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/ComodRivadavia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Cordoba.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Jujuy.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/La_Rioja.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Mendoza.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Rio_Gallegos.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Salta.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/San_Juan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/San_Luis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Tucuman.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Argentina/Ushuaia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Indianapolis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Knox.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Marengo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Petersburg.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Tell_City.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Vevay.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Vincennes.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Indiana/Winamac.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Kentucky/Louisville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/Kentucky/Monticello.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/North_Dakota/Beulah.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/North_Dakota/Center.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/America/North_Dakota/New_Salem.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Casey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Davis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/DumontDUrville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Macquarie.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Mawson.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/McMurdo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Palmer.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Rothera.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/South_Pole.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Syowa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Troll.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Antarctica/Vostok.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Arctic/Longyearbyen.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Aden.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Almaty.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Amman.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Anadyr.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Aqtau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Aqtobe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ashgabat.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ashkhabad.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Baghdad.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Bahrain.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Baku.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Bangkok.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Barnaul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Beirut.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Bishkek.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Brunei.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Calcutta.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Chita.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Choibalsan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Chongqing.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Chungking.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Colombo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Dacca.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Damascus.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Dhaka.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Dili.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Dubai.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Dushanbe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Gaza.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Harbin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Hebron.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Hong_Kong.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Hovd.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Irkutsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Istanbul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Jakarta.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Jayapura.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Jerusalem.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kabul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kamchatka.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Karachi.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kashgar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kathmandu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Katmandu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Khandyga.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kolkata.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Krasnoyarsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kuala_Lumpur.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kuching.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Kuwait.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Macao.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Macau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Magadan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Makassar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Manila.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Muscat.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Nicosia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Novokuznetsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Novosibirsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Omsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Oral.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Phnom_Penh.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Pontianak.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Pyongyang.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Qatar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Qyzylorda.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Rangoon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Riyadh.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Saigon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Sakhalin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Samarkand.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Seoul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Shanghai.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Singapore.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Srednekolymsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Taipei.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tashkent.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tbilisi.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tehran.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tel_Aviv.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Thimbu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Thimphu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tokyo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Tomsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ujung_Pandang.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ulaanbaatar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ulan_Bator.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Urumqi.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Ust-Nera.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Vientiane.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Vladivostok.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Yakutsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Yangon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Yekaterinburg.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Asia/Yerevan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Azores.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Bermuda.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Canary.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Cape_Verde.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Faeroe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Faroe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Jan_Mayen.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Madeira.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Reykjavik.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/South_Georgia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/St_Helena.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Atlantic/Stanley.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/ACT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Adelaide.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Brisbane.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Broken_Hill.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Canberra.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Currie.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Darwin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Eucla.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Hobart.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/LHI.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Lindeman.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Lord_Howe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Melbourne.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/NSW.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/North.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Perth.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Queensland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/South.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Sydney.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Tasmania.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Victoria.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/West.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Australia/Yancowinna.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Brazil/Acre.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Brazil/DeNoronha.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Brazil/East.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Brazil/West.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Atlantic.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Central.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/East-Saskatchewan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Eastern.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Mountain.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Newfoundland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Pacific.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Saskatchewan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Canada/Yukon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Chile/Continental.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Chile/EasterIsland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+1.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+10.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+11.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+12.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+2.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+3.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+4.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+5.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+6.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+7.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+8.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT+9.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-1.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-10.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-11.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-12.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-13.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-14.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-2.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-3.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-4.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-5.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-6.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-7.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-8.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT-9.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/GMT0.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/Greenwich.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/UCT.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/UTC.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/Universal.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Etc/Zulu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Amsterdam.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Andorra.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Astrakhan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Athens.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Belfast.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Belgrade.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Berlin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Bratislava.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Brussels.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Bucharest.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Budapest.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Busingen.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Chisinau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Copenhagen.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Dublin.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Gibraltar.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Guernsey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Helsinki.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Isle_of_Man.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Istanbul.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Jersey.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Kaliningrad.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Kiev.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Kirov.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Lisbon.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Ljubljana.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/London.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Luxembourg.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Madrid.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Malta.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Mariehamn.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Minsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Monaco.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Moscow.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Nicosia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Oslo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Paris.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Podgorica.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Prague.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Riga.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Rome.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Samara.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/San_Marino.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Sarajevo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Simferopol.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Skopje.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Sofia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Stockholm.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Tallinn.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Tirane.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Tiraspol.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Ulyanovsk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Uzhgorod.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Vaduz.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Vatican.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Vienna.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Vilnius.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Volgograd.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Warsaw.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Zagreb.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Zaporozhye.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Europe/Zurich.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Antananarivo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Chagos.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Christmas.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Cocos.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Comoro.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Kerguelen.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Mahe.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Maldives.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Mauritius.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Mayotte.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Indian/Reunion.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mexico/BajaNorte.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mexico/BajaSur.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Mexico/General.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Apia.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Auckland.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Bougainville.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Chatham.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Chuuk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Easter.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Efate.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Enderbury.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Fakaofo.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Fiji.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Funafuti.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Galapagos.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Gambier.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Guadalcanal.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Guam.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Honolulu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Johnston.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Kiritimati.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Kosrae.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Kwajalein.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Majuro.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Marquesas.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Midway.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Nauru.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Niue.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Norfolk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Noumea.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Pago_Pago.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Palau.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Pitcairn.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Pohnpei.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Ponape.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Port_Moresby.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Rarotonga.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Saipan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Samoa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Tahiti.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Tarawa.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Tongatapu.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Truk.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Wake.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Wallis.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/Pacific/Yap.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Alaska.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Aleutian.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Arizona.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Central.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/East-Indiana.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Eastern.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Hawaii.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Indiana-Starke.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Michigan.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Mountain.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Pacific.ics
twistedcaldav/zoneinfo/US/Samoa.ics
txdav/__init__.py
txdav/idav.py
txdav/base/__init__.py
txdav/base/datastore/__init__.py
txdav/base/datastore/dbapiclient.py
txdav/base/datastore/file.py
txdav/base/datastore/suboracle.py
txdav/base/datastore/subpostgres.py
txdav/base/datastore/util.py
txdav/base/datastore/test/__init__.py
txdav/base/datastore/test/test_subpostgres.py
txdav/base/propertystore/__init__.py
txdav/base/propertystore/appledouble_xattr.py
txdav/base/propertystore/base.py
txdav/base/propertystore/none.py
txdav/base/propertystore/sql.py
txdav/base/propertystore/xattr.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/__init__.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/base.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/test_appledouble.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/test_base.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/test_none.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/test_sql.py
txdav/base/propertystore/test/test_xattr.py
txdav/caldav/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/icalendardirectoryservice.py
txdav/caldav/icalendarstore.py
txdav/caldav/resource.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/file.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/index_file.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/sql.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/sql_attachment.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/sql_directory.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/sql_external.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/util.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/builder.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/filter.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/generator.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/query/test/test_filter.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/addressmapping.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/cuaddress.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/freebusy.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/icaldiff.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/icalsplitter.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/implicit.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/itip.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/processing.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/scheduler.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/utils.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/work.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/scheduler.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/test/test_delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/caldav/test/test_scheduler.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/inbound.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/mailgateway.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/outbound.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/scheduler.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/smtpsender.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/token.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/test/test_delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/test/test_inbound.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/test/test_mailgateway.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/imip/test/test_outbound.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/dkim.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/localservers.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/remoteservers.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/resource.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/scheduler.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/utils.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/xml.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_cross_pod_scheduling.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_delivery.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_dkim.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_localservers.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_remoteservers.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_resource.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/ischedule/test/test_utils.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_cuaddress.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_freebusy.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_icaldiff.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_icalsplitter.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_implicit.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_itip.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_processing.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_utils.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/scheduling/test/test_work.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/__init__.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/common.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_attachments.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_file.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_implicit.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_index_file.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_queue_scheduling.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_sql.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_sql_external.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_sql_sharing.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/test_util.py
txdav/caldav/datastore/test/util.py
txdav/carddav/__init__.py
txdav/carddav/iaddressbookstore.py
txdav/carddav/resource.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/__init__.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/file.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/index_file.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/sql.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/sql_external.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/util.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/query/__init__.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/query/builder.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/query/filter.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/query/test/__init__.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/query/test/test_filter.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/__init__.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/common.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/test_file.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/test_index_file.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/test_sql.py
txdav/carddav/datastore/test/test_sql_sharing.py
txdav/common/__init__.py
txdav/common/icommondatastore.py
txdav/common/idirectoryservice.py
txdav/common/inotifications.py
txdav/common/datastore/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/common.py
txdav/common/datastore/file.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_apn.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_directory.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_dump.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_external.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_imip.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_notification.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_sharing.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_tables.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_util.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/attachments.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/base.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/conduit.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/directory.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/request.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/resource.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/sharing_invites.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/store_api.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/util.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/home_sync.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/sync_metadata.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/work.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/test/test_home_sync.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/migration/test/test_migration.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/test_conduit.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/test_external_home.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/test_resource.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/test_store_api.py
txdav/common/datastore/podding/test/util.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/expression.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/filegenerator.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/generator.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/test/test_expression.py
txdav/common/datastore/query/test/test_generator.py
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/current-oracle-dialect-extras.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/current-oracle-dialect.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/current.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/manual_upgrades/oracle_ssical_final.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/manual_upgrades/oracle_ssical_to_28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/manual_upgrades/oracle_to_28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v10.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v11.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v12.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v13.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v14.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v15.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v16.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v17.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v18.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v19.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v20.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v21.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v22.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v23.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v24.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v25.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v26.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v27.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v29.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v3.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v30.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v31.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v32.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v33.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v34.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v35.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v36.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v37.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v38.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v39.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v4.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v40.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v41.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v42.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v43.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v44.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v45.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v46.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v47.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v48.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v49.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v5.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v50.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v51.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v52.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v53.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v54.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v55.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v56.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v57.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v58.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v59.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v6.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v60.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v61.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v62.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v63.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v64.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v65.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v7.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v8.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/oracle-dialect/v9.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v10.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v11.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v12.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v13.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v14.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v15.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v16.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v17.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v18.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v19.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v20.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v21.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v22.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v23.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v24.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v25.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v26.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v27.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v29.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v3.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v30.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v31.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v32.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v33.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v34.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v35.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v36.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v37.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v38.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v39.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v4.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v40.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v41.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v42.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v43.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v44.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v45.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v46.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v47.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v48.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v49.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v5.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v50.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v51.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v52.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v53.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v54.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v55.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v56.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v57.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v58.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v59.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v6.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v60.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v61.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v62.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v63.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v64.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v65.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v7.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v8.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/old/postgres-dialect/v9.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/upgrade_template.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_10_to_11.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_11_to_12.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_12_to_13.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_13_to_14.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_14_to_15.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_15_to_16.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_16_to_17.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_17_to_18.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_18_to_19.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_19_to_20.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_20_to_21.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_21_to_22.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_22_to_23.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_23_to_24.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_24_to_25.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_25_to_26.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_26_to_27.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_27_to_28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_28_to_29.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_29_to_30.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_30_to_31.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_31_to_32.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_32_to_33.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_33_to_34.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_34_to_35.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_35_to_36.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_36_to_37.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_37_to_38.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_38_to_39.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_39_to_40.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_3_to_4.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_40_to_41.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_41_to_42.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_42_to_43.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_43_to_44.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_44_to_45.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_45_to_46.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_46_to_47.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_47_to_48.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_48_to_49.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_49_to_50.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_4_to_5.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_50_to_51.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_51_to_52.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_52_to_53.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_53_to_54.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_54_to_55.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_55_to_56.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_56_to_57.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_57_to_58.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_58_to_59.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_59_to_60.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_5_to_6.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_60_to_61.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_61_to_62.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_62_to_63.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_63_to_64.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_64_to_65.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_65_to_66.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_6_to_7.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_7_to_8.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_8_to_9.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/oracle-dialect/upgrade_from_9_to_10.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_10_to_11.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_11_to_12.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_12_to_13.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_13_to_14.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_14_to_15.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_15_to_16.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_16_to_17.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_17_to_18.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_18_to_19.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_19_to_20.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_20_to_21.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_21_to_22.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_22_to_23.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_23_to_24.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_24_to_25.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_25_to_26.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_26_to_27.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_27_to_28.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_28_to_29.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_29_to_30.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_30_to_31.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_31_to_32.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_32_to_33.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_33_to_34.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_34_to_35.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_35_to_36.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_36_to_37.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_37_to_38.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_38_to_39.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_39_to_40.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_3_to_4.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_40_to_41.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_41_to_42.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_42_to_43.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_43_to_44.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_44_to_45.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_45_to_46.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_46_to_47.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_47_to_48.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_48_to_49.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_49_to_50.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_4_to_5.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_50_to_51.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_51_to_52.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_52_to_53.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_53_to_54.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_54_to_55.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_55_to_56.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_56_to_57.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_57_to_58.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_58_to_59.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_59_to_60.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_5_to_6.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_60_to_61.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_61_to_62.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_62_to_63.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_63_to_64.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_64_to_65.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_65_to_66.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_6_to_7.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_7_to_8.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_8_to_9.sql
txdav/common/datastore/sql_schema/upgrades/postgres-dialect/upgrade_from_9_to_10.sql
txdav/common/datastore/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_oracle_sql.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_sql.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_sql_dump.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_sql_schema_files.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_sql_tables.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/test_trash.py
txdav/common/datastore/test/util.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/migrate.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/file/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrade.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/others/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/others/attachment_migration.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/others/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/others/test/test_attachment_migration.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/test/test_upgrade.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/test/test_upgrade_with_data.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/addressbook_upgrade_from_1_to_2.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/calendar_upgrade_from_1_to_2.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/calendar_upgrade_from_2_to_3.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/calendar_upgrade_from_3_to_4.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/calendar_upgrade_from_4_to_5.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/calendar_upgrade_from_5_to_6.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/notification_upgrade_from_0_to_1.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/util.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/test/test_notification_upgrade_from_0_to_1.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/test/test_upgrade_from_3_to_4.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/test/test_upgrade_from_4_to_5.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/sql/upgrades/test/test_upgrade_from_5_to_6.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/upgrade/test/test_migrate.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/inbox_cleanup.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/load_work.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/revision_cleanup.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/test/__init__.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/test/test_inbox_cleanup.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/test/test_load_work.py
txdav/common/datastore/work/test/test_revision_cleanup.py
txdav/dps/__init__.py
txdav/dps/client.py
txdav/dps/commands.py
txdav/dps/json.py
txdav/dps/server.py
txdav/dps/test/__init__.py
txdav/dps/test/test_client.py
txdav/dps/test/test_json.py
txdav/who/__init__.py
txdav/who/augment.py
txdav/who/cache.py
txdav/who/delegates.py
txdav/who/directory.py
txdav/who/groups.py
txdav/who/idirectory.py
txdav/who/opendirectory.py
txdav/who/util.py
txdav/who/vcard.py
txdav/who/wiki.py
txdav/who/xml.py
txdav/who/test/__init__.py
txdav/who/test/support.py
txdav/who/test/test_augment.py
txdav/who/test/test_cache.py
txdav/who/test/test_delegates.py
txdav/who/test/test_directory.py
txdav/who/test/test_group_attendees.py
txdav/who/test/test_group_sharees.py
txdav/who/test/test_groups.py
txdav/who/test/test_util.py
txdav/who/test/test_vcard.py
txdav/who/test/test_wiki.py
txdav/who/test/test_xml.py
txdav/xml/__init__.py
txdav/xml/base.py
txdav/xml/element.py
txdav/xml/extensions.py
txdav/xml/parser.py
txdav/xml/parser_base.py
txdav/xml/parser_etree.py
txdav/xml/parser_sax.py
txdav/xml/rfc2518.py
txdav/xml/rfc3253.py
txdav/xml/rfc3744.py
txdav/xml/rfc4331.py
txdav/xml/rfc5397.py
txdav/xml/rfc5842.py
txdav/xml/rfc5995.py
txdav/xml/rfc6578.py
txdav/xml/xmlext.py
txdav/xml/test/__init__.py
txdav/xml/test/test_base.py
txdav/xml/test/test_xml.py
txdav/xml/test/test_xml_rfc3744.py
txweb2/__init__.py
txweb2/_version.py
txweb2/error.py
txweb2/fileupload.py
txweb2/http.py
txweb2/http_headers.py
txweb2/iweb.py
txweb2/log.py
txweb2/metafd.py
txweb2/resource.py
txweb2/responsecode.py
txweb2/server.py
txweb2/static.py
txweb2/stream.py
txweb2/auth/__init__.py
txweb2/auth/basic.py
txweb2/auth/digest.py
txweb2/auth/interfaces.py
txweb2/auth/tls.py
txweb2/auth/wrapper.py
txweb2/channel/__init__.py
txweb2/channel/http.py
txweb2/client/__init__.py
txweb2/client/http.py
txweb2/client/interfaces.py
txweb2/dav/__init__.py
txweb2/dav/auth.py
txweb2/dav/fileop.py
txweb2/dav/http.py
txweb2/dav/idav.py
txweb2/dav/noneprops.py
txweb2/dav/resource.py
txweb2/dav/static.py
txweb2/dav/util.py
txweb2/dav/xattrprops.py
txweb2/dav/method/__init__.py
txweb2/dav/method/acl.py
txweb2/dav/method/copymove.py
txweb2/dav/method/delete.py
txweb2/dav/method/delete_common.py
txweb2/dav/method/get.py
txweb2/dav/method/lock.py
txweb2/dav/method/mkcol.py
txweb2/dav/method/prop_common.py
txweb2/dav/method/propfind.py
txweb2/dav/method/proppatch.py
txweb2/dav/method/put.py
txweb2/dav/method/put_common.py
txweb2/dav/method/report.py
txweb2/dav/method/report_acl_principal_prop_set.py
txweb2/dav/method/report_expand.py
txweb2/dav/method/report_principal_match.py
txweb2/dav/method/report_principal_property_search.py
txweb2/dav/method/report_principal_search_property_set.py
txweb2/dav/test/__init__.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_acl.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_auth.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_copy.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_delete.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_http.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_lock.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_mkcol.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_move.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_options.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_pipeline.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_prop.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_put.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_quota.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_report.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_report_expand.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_resource.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_static.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_util.py
txweb2/dav/test/test_xattrprops.py
txweb2/dav/test/tworequest_client.py
txweb2/dav/test/util.py
txweb2/filter/__init__.py
txweb2/filter/gzip.py
txweb2/filter/location.py
txweb2/filter/range.py
txweb2/test/__init__.py
txweb2/test/simple_client.py
txweb2/test/test_client.py
txweb2/test/test_fileupload.py
txweb2/test/test_http.py
txweb2/test/test_http_headers.py
txweb2/test/test_httpauth.py
txweb2/test/test_log.py
txweb2/test/test_metafd.py
txweb2/test/test_resource.py
txweb2/test/test_server.py
txweb2/test/test_static.py
txweb2/test/test_stream.py